but yes remember to give yourself one
point for each solved case which one is
the best friend James was at work when
he found out he'd won the lottery he
told his accountant he wanted to give
half the money to his best friend Jack
but everyone started calling themselves
Jack to deceive the accountant and get
the money can you figure out who the
real best friend is you've got 7 seconds
it's the one who's wearing a matching
bracelet with James a mysterious
disappearance Amy and Chris have a
little son called Noah on Saturday they
went out to dinner and left Noah at home
when they returned the little boy was
gone the alarmed parents called the
police
the detective questioned everyone in the
house the babysitter said she had been
preparing Noah's school bag for the next
day the maid said she had spent the day
cleaning the bathrooms the chef said he
had been preparing breakfast for the
next day and hadn't heard anything the
police immediately knew who was lying
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was the babysitter it's Saturday and
children don't go to school on Sundays a
garage incident Rob works as a mechanic
in his own garage one afternoon he went
out to get some supplies
when he came back he noticed someone had
been messing around in his office the
intruder tried to put everything back
the way it had been before but they
forgot some small detail can you spot it
[Music]
there's a lipstick mark on Rob's coffee
cup and his chair is lowered who did it
a billionaire was found unconscious by
his wife it was on Sunday at 6:30 in the
morning as soon as the woman saw him she
called the police the detective
questioned everyone in the house the
billionaire's wife said she had gone out
to buy her husband a gift for their
anniversary
the butler said he had been fixing some
car tires the gardener said he didn't
talk to the billionaire he was working
outside and never went inside the house
as soon as the police listened to
everyone's story they knew who did it
you have 7 seconds to find the truth
[Music]
it was the wife no gift shops are open
at 6:30 in the morning on Sunday whose
poor a restaurant owner found out that
he'd won the lottery he was going to
donate half this money to the poorest
person in the room can you figure out
who it is it's the guy in the white
shirt
he is just several coins to pay for his
meal and he only ordered some fries
everyone else has a three-course meal in
front of them what happened at the North
Pole Sam was trying to impress his new
colleagues with exciting stories during
lunch he told them about the time he
went on an expedition to the North Pole
while he was there he injured his leg
and couldn't walk his friends had to
carry him to their shelter and call for
help on their way back some penguins
started following them as soon as his
colleagues heard that they started
laughing why
[Music]
well there are no penguins at the North
Pole who's cheating it's Friday and all
students have gathered in a big lecture
hall to write their end of your exam the
teacher has been informed that one
student is going to cheat but who you've
got 7 seconds to find out the answer is
student C it looks as if he's trying to
remember what he's read but he has the
answers written on his hand the gameshow
prize John was competing in a knowledge
game show he got stuck on the last
question and called his friend to ask
for help if they solved the final riddle
he'll win the main prize the question
goes like this if you're jumping with a
parachute where should you land an ocean
a jungle a desert times a-tickin
[Music]
ops for the desert if you land on water
you might get trapped in the parachute
and drown in a jungle you might get
stuck in tree branches but the sand in a
desert is soft and you can cover
yourself with the parachute to fend off
the heat a trapped sailor Tim is a
sailor on a large cruise ship one day
the captain asked him to go to the hold
and get supplies but as the man was
walking down the ladder it broke
try as he might he couldn't get out some
time later he discovered there was a
hole in the side of the ship more and
more water was getting inside through
this hole how can Tim get out you have
just a few seconds to help him out he
can put on one of the life jackets that
are in the room and wait for the water
to fill the hole this water will lift
him up
and he'll be able to push the door open
who took the supplies mrs. Ruth was
heading home after she finished her
hotdogs and burgers shopping suddenly
she saw someone running toward her this
person grabbed her bag filled with food
and her wallet the woman immediately
called the police and told them what had
happened she added it was a man wearing
sunglasses and a black hoodie police
officer started patrolling the park they
found the hoodie and the glasses can you
figure out which of these people took
mrs. Ruth's things
it's the one with the dog the animal can
smell the food the man's holding and
it's waiting for a treat what happened
to the chef
a prestigious restaurant chef called the
police to report that someone had hit
him on the head he came round in the
storage room
the detectives narrowed it down to three
suspects the cook I don't know what
happened to the chef but I didn't think
of checking the storage room
the waiter I was too busy with clients
and didn't even look for the chef the
cleaner I was organizing the cellar
because it was dirty
when the detectives heard that they knew
right away who did it can you figure it
out too
it was the cook nobody told him the chef
was in the storage room time to hire a
new cook trapped in an engineering lab
Mike was walking home from work when a
cute dog lured him into a mysterious
basement as soon as they walked in the
animal turned it into three giant robots
Mike had to outsmart them but how on the
table there was a screwdriver a wireless
sprinkler system a hammer and a fire
extinguisher you have seven seconds to
pick the best option he should use the
wireless sprinkler system the water will
stop the robots a safe Island Chris went
on a boat trip to explore marine life
while sailing he saw a storm coming the
man needed to get out of the water
immediately there were three islands in
front of him but only one was safe which
one should he pick the first Island was
filled with venomous spiders the second
was swarming with sharks the third one
was deserted and covered with white
bones which should Chris opted for
[Music]
the second one sharks can't survive
without water and Chris will be fine
there how did she do it Emily was
standing on the east side of the river
and Anna was on the west side Anna
shouted to Emily to come and meet her
and Emily did that there was no bridge
but she crossed the river without
getting wet how did she do it
[Music]
the river was frozen the airport base
someone cut the power in the entire city
one night then this person sneaked into
the airport to get some important
documents which arrived that day but
this mysterious stranger got into a trap
and now needs to escape as soon as
possible in the east the airport is
protected by an electric fence in the
West it's guarded by large trained dogs
soldiers secure the southern side in the
north there's a giant mountain that
blocks the way which way should this
person choose to escape the east side
the electricity is out and so is the
fence now if you have one to five
correct answers watch more riddle videos
and try to understand all the tricky
details if your score is six to ten
points spend more time on developing
your problem-solving skills if you
managed to crack 11 to 15 riddles then
I've got nothing to teach you you're
already a pro